we're at a special Teen Vogue screening
of The Maze Runner but before we find
out if these stars can survive the
labyrinth let's see if they can navigate
this red carpet this cast actually
represents a lot of really popular
television shows what do you think the
game of Thrones fans would like about
the Maze Runner there's definite for
gaming what do you think Teen Wolf fans
are gonna like about The Maze Runner I
mean I think that you know I think
they'll get a kick out of it cuz it's a
you know I think they'll like that world
if they you know if they love the team
world basically like it's obviously it's
not the same thing and it's like a
completely different situation but it's
really imaginative in that way it's not
just another young adult updation it is
for everyone I think what elevates it
for me personally you know there's no
love triangle there's no time for that
if this is a race to the finish from
start to finish and you know the second
the character I fantasize you open your
eyes you're on the journey with him and
I like that it's not easy you have to
really commit in Hollywood it used to be
that they would buy the rights to the
book and they'd say bye-bye to the
author but now particularly with a young
adult genre authors are sticking around
how's it been how's the journey been and
this has been the highlight of my career
from the very beginning the producers
talked to me they had me read the script
the director and I got to know each
other I was on set I mean I just feel
like Fox wanted me to be a part of it
and contribute and it's just as a huge
film love
the highlight of my career it is a big
cast but you're the lead how is it to
transition from a fan favorite but the
best friend on Teen Wolf to the lead
character - boy it was a lot more days
on set I don't know it's it's good you
know I I didn't even I don't know I was
there every day but I but I didn't feel
I didn't feel like I was you know like
just like the out-and-out lead I felt
like it was such an ensemble I felt like
I had so much support like like I do
with Teen Wolf you know I feel like it
was similar in that sense you know I
never really felt like everything
hindered on what I was doing I play the
role the fry pan who's the cook of the
glade and he's one of the keepers so you
know he's always around Newt and galley
and Minho and all then when Thomas comes
he's very much involved and very much
trying to see what he has to say my
character runs the maze and it's called
me in the maze what do you cook a lot of
stew okay everybody has an important
role you know some more heroic and other
some have a living
responsibily more curiosity I was very
very lucky to be given the material that
I was given you know as brief as it is I
think it's very powerful bit of a Lord
of the Flies vine right book was heavily
inspired by Oh excellent what is it
about a bunch of boys left on their own
that's so intriguing but also dangerous
yeah it's fascinated me since I read
Lord of the Flies back in high school
and it's just something about humanity
and trying to you know discover the way
we would react in those kind of
situations so there's definitely
inspired by Lord of the Flies and I kind
of took it my own route just kinda like
my lure the Flies James has this theory
that you know this is what would happen
if you put boys together like they would
band together there and they would like
survive together and it wouldn't be like
you know it wouldn't turn vicious and it
wouldn't turn violent and there would of
course be disagreements but like it
would be handled very like you know like
it is like how you see it in a book and
the movie you know the story is like
they're like they've like the people I
created this community for themselves
and like the first thing that they come
up with literally like the first rule is
never harm another glader and like
that's like literally just such such a
difference from Lord of the Flies in
just terms of like James's theory with
people like he just knows that he just
he believes so so wholeheartedly that
like humans are innately good and that
this is how you know
that would work out it's beautiful I
think this has been a very secretive ad
campaign not a lot has been revealing
were you excited for audiences to see on
screen when they go to the maze room see
the whole thing as it is supposed to let
the segments here and there with like
romantic music around watch it as a film
honestly genuinely excited to see for
them to see this cast together
I feel like none of the people have
really seen what a griever looks like
and I think we've done a good job
keeping that under wraps so when they
see the movie I hope the grievers pay
off you know I'm excited for the
adventure that it takes an art director
Wes ball did such a great job of
creating this world this adventurous
world of grievers of mazes of characters
so I'm excited for them to just sit back
and relax and enjoy the ride and really
getting golf to the story you know I
think I think I think this is something
different that we're bringing the
screens and I think people are going to
appreciate
[Music]